### Agenda

This agenda can be viewed and updated on [Github](https://github.com/w3c/media-wg/blob/master/meetings/2020-06-09-Media_Working_Group_Teleconference-agenda.md).

If you would like to add an item to the agenda or volunteer to scribe please open a pull request against this agenda.

* [w3c/media-wg#13 TPAC F2F 2020](https://github.com/w3c/media-wg/issues/13) - mounirlamouri
> W3C confirmed yesterday that there will be no in-person TPAC 2020, so meeting will be virtual (details to follow later on).
> One consequence is that meeting dates for the group are no longer imposed: the group may choose to meet whenever and however it wants.

* CTA-WAVE & Media Capabilities Debrief - jernoble
> Iâ€™ll debrief about a teleconference I attended where the CTA-WAVE gave feedback about Media Capabilities./

* [w3c/media-wg#16 Triage MSE/EME issues](https://github.com/w3c/media-wg/issues/16) - tidoust
> Both MSE and EME repos have an open set of issues flagged with "v1", "v1next" and other labels that were meaningful before these publications got published as Recommendations. It would be good to skim through them and identify those that the Media Working Group intends to address in the iteration of the spec it is working on, and those that go beyond the envisioned scope:
 >https://github.com/w3c/media-source/issues

* [w3c/media-wg#17 Move Media Playback Quality to FPWD or to HTML specification?](https://github.com/w3c/media-wg/issues/17) - mounirlamouri
> The specification is now widely implemented. We could either embrace the extension to the media section of the HTML specification and publish a FPWD or merge everything into the HTML specification and close this work. Unless there are important follow-ups we would like to do first?

* [w3c/picture-in-picture#184 Publish Candidate Recommendation](https://github.com/w3c/picture-in-picture/issues/184) - mounirlamouri
> We should start looking at what are the issues we need to resolve in order to publish our CR. @beaufortfrancois could you triage the issues that are vNext (thinking of element-based Picture-in-Picture), and start gathering folks around the ones that need to be solved for CR?

### Media Working Group Teleconference - 2020-06-09

<table>
<tr><td> San Francisco (U.S.A. - California) <td> Tuesday, June 9, 7:00 AM PDT
<tr><td> Boston (U.S.A. - Massachusetts) <td> Tuesday, June 9, 10:00 AM EDT
<tr><td> London (United Kingdom - England) <td> Tuesday, June 9, 3:00 PM GMT+1
<tr><td> Paris (France) <td> Tuesday, June 9, 4:00 PM GMT+2
<tr><td> Tokyo (Japan) <td> Tuesday, June 9, 11:00 PM GMT+9
<tr><td> Corresponding UTC (GMT) <td> Tuesday, June 9, 2:00 PM UTC
</table>

### Logistics

Chairs: Jer Noble, Mounir Lamouri

WebEx: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/w3c-archive/2020Jan/0323.html

IRC: [irc.w3.org](http://irc.w3.org/):6667 #mediawg

If you are unable to login to view the call details please ask on the IRC before the call.

For assistance go to https://mit.webex.com/mit/mc  and on the left navigation bar, click "Support".
